After analyzing the data set, the first conclusion to draw from the data is that more crowdfunding campaigns end in success than failure. This is somewhat surprising so it calls for more in-depth analysis.
One of the key metrics to investigate would be the number of backers for successful campaigns versus those than in end failure. Surprisingly, there is not too great of a difference in the summary statistics for this metric. 
This leads to the conclusion that number of backers alone does not explain the success of a campaign.
Another interesting metric to investigate would be the success rate of campaigns based on their how big of a donation goal they set. Looking at the graph, we can conclude the highest success rate of campaigns occurs within the donation goal range of $10,000 to $14,999. 
Despite providing some interesting insights, there are still some key limitations of the data set. For one, we don't know how much effort was put into marketing each of these campaigns, which could definitely influence the success rate.
In addition, we also don't know the socio-economic class of each of the individuals starting their campaign. This factor could have a large impact on the success rate as many friends and family members may be able to contribute if the campaign starter is more affluent and surrounded by other people of similar status.
Another graph I would find helpful in this analysis would be looking the outcome of the campaigns versus the duration of the campaign. This could provide insight as to how long must one wait in order to have a better chance of having a successful campaign. 
In addition, I would suggest created a table analyzing the influence of "staff pick" and "spotlight" on the outcome of campaigns. This would highlight the website's own promotion methods and investigate to see if they significantly increase the success rate of campaigns or not.

The median is a better indicator than the mean for this data set because it is right skewed with most of the data points occuring at lower values and a couple data points at extremely high values, thereby heavily influencing the mean.
There is slightly more variability in the number of backers for the failed campaigns, although both are fairly similar. This makes sense as higher variance indicates more uncertainity and less predictability, which would likely lead to more failures.